If you're going to hit it, hit it until it breaks.
Talent is something you make bloom, instinct is something you polish.
Prejudice like that isn't very becoming of you, my friend.
Today might be the chance to grasp the chance to let your talent bloom. Maybe tomorrow, the day after, or next year... Maybe even when you're thirty.
If you think that it will never come, it probably never will.
Yoohoo! Long time no see, Tobio-chan.
You still doing the King thing?
Even if I'm no match for his talent, I have confidence that I can set the best tosses for everyone.
Once we get into high school...that's when we'll show Shiratorizawa who's boss!
My perfect trust is with you, Iwa-chan.
Tobio, I might actually lose to you, considering how quickly you evolve. But that won't be today.
I'm going to crush you today. You'd better be prepared, Ushiwaka-chan.
Well, I guess the actual path to victory doesn't matter.
The one that lets the ball fall on the court loses. That's everything.
All of our practices, experiences, and strategies are being broken by force.
Just because a super receive is flashy, doesn't mean it's good.
Worthless pride, huh?
Listen up, Ushijima. I never thought my decision was wrong, and my volleyball hasn't ended at all.
Go, Iwa-chan. Now.
You shouldn't be jealous, Iwa-chan. It's embarrassing.
There's probably no one in the prefecture who could match Tobio's toss.
Just having one good player doesn't mean you'll win.
Because I want to pulverize my dear underclassman, setter-on-setter, in an official match.
Do you want me to get it over or miss?!
Iwa-chan, if you think too hard when you don't have a brain, you're going to hurt your head.
Iwa-chan, are you my mom?
Damn you, Ushiwaka! Can't you make a more frustrated sort of expression on that face of yours?
No matter who wins, I'm going to be pissed. So I hope both of them lose.
That said, Shrimpy is the kind of spiker that makes you want to try tossing to him.
Thank you for the past three years!
Don't you ever forget my worthless pride.
My smile is always straightforward and pure.
Of course I'm happy! It's the first time I've received this.
I feel like I've lost to Iwa-chan.
Wait a minute, Hanamaki, don't say words like this! They make me sad!
When the crows flock, they might even kill a huge, white eagle.
Well, well, well. If it isn't Tobio-chan, who suffered a crushing defeat at my hands last time.
I don't have time to sit around feeling sorry for myself.
He's definitely some kind of monster.
It sure must be rough having to stick around that monster.
Troublesome opponents...they were supposed to be beneath us. But apparently, we're fated to play to the fullest.
That's it, you guys! You guys are great. It makes your captain sad.
If you keep all of your attention on me, you're going to get stabbed from the direction you least expect.
Who will devour the king and the dark horse? Who will devour them all and go to nationals? We will.
Bring it on.
Every time I forget that...it comes back to remind me.
I'm going to beat everyone. Be ready!
I play in the Argentinian league.
Ah, well. See you later.
The stage I will one day play on...hasn't changed one bit.
Right there and then, I decided I wanted to learn from him.
Still...I knew I was going to try and break into the foreign leagues at some point anyway. That just bumped up the schedule a little bit, is all.
Alright, time for the world's most extravagant friendly quarrel.
We're even now. Don't let it go to your head.
Listen, Ushijima. Nothing is over yet. Nothing. Not my volleyball career...or my "petty pride".
Never forget that ever.
I did it!
Volleyball is fun. Every time I forget that...it comes back to remind me.
...Then treat me to dinner next time.
I meant you too, so act a little more scared.
Is this real life???
Hehe. You've gotten pretty high and mighty, wanting to fight it out with me.
When I was in elementary school, there was a tournament, and I went to see a match between Japan and Argentina that happened in Sendai.
I was actually on my way to get something to eat. Why don't you take me some place good?
Don't worry about that part. It's my treat! I can do that much for ya.
...Nope.
What?! Why are you suddenly placing a curse on me?!
Geniuses really piss me off.
I might have been thinking about him a bit too much before that serve last time, but...
Here's my jump floater!
Mr. Blanco! Can I please have your authograph?!
Um! Mr. Blanco? I wanna be a setter someday too!
Watanabeken! Challenge accepted!
Volleyball's in the name, but this is a totally different sport! I'm a beginner here!
Uh, that's my question, thanks. Don't steal it.
Hah! Sheesh! You are a scary one, Shortie Pie!
Yeah, um, he's a middle school kid living in my neighborhood.
When you dedicate yourself to pushing higher, you're going to have to expect the hard times to outweigh the fun.
It gets to the point where you begin to believe that if it isn't hard, if it isn't rough, then you aren't giving it everything you can.
Yet, without any rhyme or reason, from time to time, something fun will just...hit. Out of nowhere. It's that fun that keeps me pulling onward.
With six people, the strong are even stronger.
It's no wonder he drags Tobio around by the nose.
Oh, c'mon! You don't have to be so hostile. I just came to say hi.
That sounds awfully tyrannical to me...your majesty.
So you want him to shut up and do only what you tell him to? Really.
If he could do that, that'd be pretty cool. Let him.
Scared of change, hm?
Don't get the wrong idea.
At the end of the day, the one who is ultimately in control of the quick set isn't you. It's Shortie Pie.
If you can't wrap your brain around that, you're just going to revert back to being a lonely, tyrannical king.
Augh! Why am I the only blurry thing in this photo?!
Yep! It feels so good to know that Tobio sucks even more than I thought!
You sound like you've convinced yourself it's good enough as is, and you're getting defensive about it.
You little brat!
You little prick.
The whole country, huh? Laying it on a little thick, are we?
This is the part where you double down.
Uh, what is this? Are you serious?
Pulling 100% percent out of each and every one of them every time is what makes a good setter.
I'll be the best setter in the whole prefecture.
Nah, since I'm a professional volleyball player, I should pass this time.
Don't forget that. Okay?
Six who are strong are stronger!
He's not better than me at serving, blocking, or spiking.
Sorry, sorry, sorry! I promise I won't!
I don't know just how good Mr. Refreshing over there is.
Did you think that now was your opportunity to use that? I did, too.
Yessir.
I'm gonna crush you. So you better be prepared.
Tobio-chan, Shrimp-chan. How's the freak duo doing?
So you told him, "Just do as I say"?
I have faith in you.
It's fine. I can get back to regular practice. It was just a slight sprain.
You goddamn brats!
No matter how strong you offense is, it means nothing if you can't connect to it.
I promise I'll arrive in top condition!
Don't shorten the insults!
A picture? Sure.
You know your stuff.
Your last one-touch and broad attack were amazing.
Let's give it all we got next time, right from the start.
Okay, let's score another one.
"Great King?"
However, you can't defend it all by yourself.
That hurt, Iwa-chan.
Don't get eliminated, okay?
Ouch.
But I'm only being honest.
What an amazing home run.
Nice, Makki. Super sharp.
Sorry, Kindaichi. That one was a little high.
Iwa-chan, you sure you're not trying too hard? You don't have to try and show off. None of the girls will be looking at you, anyway.
All right. Let's do this. Now then, as usual...I believe in all of you.
Come on, I'll be doing the same thing again.
Don't stand there so out of it. Pay attention.
I want to win and go to nationals!
Well, then. I guess I'll just have to show you how it's done.
Like Tobio? But I really can't. I can't pinpoint like that.
They're so lively...and troublesome.
Stop saying you'll hit me all the time, Iwa-chan.
Even if I'm no match for his talent, I have confidence that I can set the best tosses for everyone.
That's why I won't lose as setter.
So rude!
Karasuno's basic offensive strength is indeed high, but we've played a number of teams like that.
Now, let's get our lead.
Well, how do I put this? I suddenly feel invincible.
More importantly, Iwa-chan, is "dumbass" the only insult you've got?
Shut up!
Nope! Stupid! You're stupid! You stupid face!
Nope! Can't hear you! Can't hear a thing!
No matter which side wins, I'm gonna be able to see the other team's faces when they lose.
He's not my student!
Come on. Come at me with your ultimate weapon.
Come on, let's go home. I'd rather die than see the awards ceremony.
Why should I have to listen to what my opponent has to say?
Takeru. Take a picture.
Yay! I call this, "Tobio is no match for Oikawa-san!"