Oikawa served as captain and setter for Aoba Johsai High's boys' volleyball team.
Oikawa is a setter for Club Atlético San Juan, a professional team in the Argentine Volleyball Federation.
Oikawa obtained Argentinian citizenship.
Oikawa plays on the Argentina National team as the starting setter.
Many people find Oikawa attractive, to the point where several girls follow him around.
A trademark expression of Oikawa's is sticking out his tongue while smiling and winking.
Oikawa is shown to wear glasses but it's unknown if he truly needs them or not.
Oikawa is an excellent, well-rounded player and is extremely serious about volleyball.
Oikawa is ambitious and one-track-minded; however, he also has feelings of inferiority towards those he deems as naturally better than him, such as Ushijima and Kageyama.
To match his ambition, Oikawa works extremely hard and often endures vigorous solo practices after his normal practices with the team.
Post-timeskip, Oikawa had thoughts of giving up on volleyball.
Since childhood, Oikawa is shown to have been heavily involved in volleyball.
Iwa-Chan is Oikawa's best friend and the vice-captain of Aoba Johsai's boys' volleyball team.
Oikawa's favorite food is milk bread!
When they were kids, Oikawa and Iwaizumi attended a match between Japan and Argentina, where Oikawa was inspired to become a setter.
Oikawa's favorite player is the Argentinian setter Jose Blanco, who helped the ace player get back on his game during a match against Japan.
Oikawa received the Best Setter Award in junior high.
Oikawa is renowned and feared for his powerful and accurate jump-serve -- a technique he worked hard to master since junior high.
Oikawa serves with pinpoint accuracy, often strategically targeting a member of the opposing team or a gap between two players.
Both in-game and in daily life, Oikawa has a good sense of his surroundings and can effortlessly read others' moves and emotions.
Oikawa is shown to be talented at performing dumps at the most unexpected times.
Oikawa was seen embracing Hinata Shoyo at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics.
Oikawa ran into Hinata in Rio, where they played beach volleyball together and became good friends.
Pre-Timeskip Concern: When he tried to talk to Karasuno's manager, Kiyoko, he was utterly ignored.
Post-Timeskip Concern: Being mistaken as a minor.
Oikawa has a newphew named Takeru.
In Oikawa's free time, he coaches his nephew and other children at Lil Tykes Volleyball Classroom.
He had a girlfriend who broke up with him because he was too focused on volleyball.
Oikawa has been nicknamed the "Great King" and "Oikawa the Great" by Shōyō Hinata and "Assikawa," "Trashykawa," and "Shittykawa" by Iwaizumi.
Oikawa's zodiac sign is a Cancer.
Oikawa's birthday, July 20, is thought to be a reference to Alexander the Great, who shares the same birthday and is also commonly referred to as "the Great King".
Oikawa is the second oldest third-year on the team.
When combined, Iwaizumi and Oikawa's first names (Hajime and Tōru respectively) form "一徹", meaning "obstinate" or "dauntless."
Iwaizumi and Oikawa  part ways after high school for North and South America respectively.
Oikawa and Iwaizumi are still in contact while abroad.
Oikawa's number on the Argentina Olympic team, 13, is the same number Jose Blanco wore when they first met.
Oikawa planned to go overseas as early as the Spring Tournament Qualifiers.
According to Monthly Volleyball, Oikawa's favorite quote is "If you're going to hit it, hit it until it breaks."
Oikawa and Iwaizumi fulfill their promise at the 2021 Olympics, with Iwaizumi being the athletic trainer for Japan and Oikawa as the Argentina national team setter.